All right. Hey, Lonnie and Ryan guys
over here. And uh
>> that's a that's a good one. That's a
good one.
>> That's hilarious. Was that a mistake or
like how did that become a thing on your
channel?
>> No, it wasn't a mistake. I stole that
from one of the creators that I've been
watching for years.
>> Oh, okay.
>> His name is uh
Stefan. Um gosh, what's the name of the
channel?
Wow, I can't think of it right now. He
talks about mainly about um about
financial stuff, you know.
>> Okay.
>> And
>> Oh, I know who that I know who you're
talking about.
>> Oh, Graham Stefen.
>> Graham Stefen.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Yeah. So, he did that in a few of his
episodes back in the day, and I'm like,
you know what? I might steal that. I see
how that how that's gonna work. So,
>> hey Pete, it's guys over here.
>> We watched Ryan and I both watched that
that that video of yours and um I was
like, "Ryan, did you catch how he
brought that in at the beginning and
Ryan was like, "Yeah." I was like, "That
was that was a chef's kiss. That was a
nice touch."
>> And a lot of people at first thought
that I was just like messing, you know,
or that I just screwed up or something.
And then I did it again and again. And
of course it got a little bit old after
a few episodes, you know. But
>> I noticed it's in your comments a lot
too. And the comments always get a bunch
of likes. So
>> yeah, once in a while I'll bring it back
and I'll say it here and there, but for
the most part it's it's done.
>> Pete, for for those, you know, believe
it or not, we've actually had a guest on
this podcast already. Um I don't know if
you watched it or not. I know you said
you've watched this a little bit. Hot
Lunch Reseller. Did you watch that one
at all?
>> And funny thing is I know about him
before he knew about me.
>> What?
>> Yeah.
>> Whoa. That is wild.
>> So
>> Oh, that's right. Because on the show he
hadn't heard of you yet.
>> No.
>> So on a show he said I I have no idea
who Craigslist Hunter is. Right.
>> Wild. But listen, the it's all fine
because you know I drifted away
in some form from from like very close
eBay community. Right.
>> Right.
>> So I I exposed myself a little bit to
more broader audience to to get out
there more which is which was the whole
>> idea behind it to become like that
because you know obviously if you want
to succeed on YouTube that's what you
got to do. Um, not that I I'm still not
in this community because I love it. I'm
still deep. I follow everybody as much
as I can. I I try to keep my kind of
pulse on everything what's happening.
>> Uh, but uh, so yeah, I knew his channel
when you guys brought him. I knew who he
was.
>> How did you know?
>> I somehow came to my feed somehow. I
don't know.
>> How do you know Pete? You always
>> He's got his finger on the pulse. He's
got his finger on the pulse, man. Well,
he used to, you know, when I used to
watch Pete on uh back in the day, the he
was on the the show, the live live show
called the reseller pulse, which was
totally fitting because Pete has always
had his finger on the pulse.
>> Yeah, that was that was a fun time back
in the day. And we listen, I remember
when we were running those shows, when
we had like a hundred audience come in
and be part of that show, this was like
mindblowing, right?
So um but it's changed a lot. I mean
this whole not only YouTube but
reselling everything changes. I mean
that's how it is you know. So
>> right
>> how many channels we got now? I don't
know. Thousands
>> dude I see I see a new a new channel
like every week
and not even a small channel. I'm like
oh look here's another reselling channel
that has like 20,000 subscribers or more
I that I never knew about before. But I
don't I don't really watch that much
reselling content these days. Pete, do
you do you partake in reselling content
a lot? Like who are you watching?
>> I do. If if something comes up like an
interesting title or something that that
really catches my attention because
something is happening really like
>> not not between resellers but in
reselling business, right? some
important update on eBay, something
happened, something new platform came
on. I definitely follow that stuff
because you know I want to double in all
of it. I am in reselling business.
That's my business,
>> right?
>> So how many people I watch like all the
time? H
uh I pop in quite often on on on Kevin's
videos here and there, but only his
uh flipper channel. Leopard channel.
>> Yeah. Not so much the garage sale stuff.
Um I can't I can't watch that. I just I
just
after three minutes I'm I'm out. I I
just I can't follow it. Just drives me
crazy.
>> Maybe because I'm not there myself,
>> you know? I'll be like, "Oh my god, he
just passed that."
>> Like, you know. So
>> you you were actually one of the like I
we kind of credit Justin with doing like
wearing the GoPro at garage sales and
stuff. However, before Justin ever did
that, Pete did it. Pete was the true
first person I ever saw do it. And Pete
I remember when you did it, how how many
years was that, man? That was like
>> a decade.
>> When you did it, you wore like Pete wore
like the full body. Um
>> the body call.
>> Yeah, the body cam.
>> The chest harness.
>> Yeah, the chest harness with the straps
and everything. And he was like really
bold about it, dude. It was
>> Yeah, I was bold. I I mean the first one
that I did, I physically remember back
in the day KC Neistad style typical big
tripod in hand with a big
>> Canon D70 camera. That's how I walked
into my first garage sale.
>> That is wild. and with the mic on top
and everything and it and it's just
>> how is how was that received?
>> So the and the matter of fact the the
one that I walked in the garage sale
that I walked in I think there was like
20 people there shopping
when I showed up with this thing. The
whole place went quiet. Everybody was
looking at me and and I'm like pointing
are you the owner? Are you the owner?
Are you the owner? And finally lady in a
corner says yes. How can I help you? And
I say, "Listen, I'm doing this treasure
hunt and I'm documenting everything. Is
it okay that I do this, you know, that I
film myself?" And she was totally fine.
But 20 minutes later, I went to the next
garage the same way and the guy was
freaking chasing me down the street
almost out of here. What are you doing?
Oh my god.
>> Really?
>> Wow.
>> So, and then then obviously I'm like,
"Okay, this is too much. I can't do
this." because uh it's just first of all
you freak out other people around you
>> the owners. So then I just you know
remember the GoPro had the regular chest
thing and I put the GoPro on and then I
was you know doing that.
>> Uh I did few episodes like that and
>> that was it.
>> Did you do dumpster diving for a while
too? I feel like I remember you having
some dumpster diving viral. some of some
of the viral videos at the beginning
were dumpster diving and I remember I
remember um at the beginning talking to
um what's her what's their name
>> they kind of dwindled down a little bit
uh
>> the podcast
>> No no no I'm talking about Stephen Stef
right the killers
>> the killers right and they on one
podcast we talked like later after We we
shut the podcast down and just few of us
still in the room talking about it.
>> And I remember Steve asking like
>> if you would had to do something
uh like fulltime a video, what category
would you would you stick in it? And I
said, listen, the dumpster diving is
definitely working for you. I would
stick with that. Blow it up and it's
going to go viral every single video.
Now obviously is it something that is
going to be loved li you know live for a
long time? Probably not. You know people
get bored of stuff like that eventually
but it did work for them very very well
for a few years. You know
>> I think they could have kept going too.
I think they chose not to keep going. I
don't think that was I think so. I don't
know. I haven't talked to Steve or stuff
in quite a while to be honest but
>> I haven't talked to them. the last
episode that I remember watching them. I
think when Steve was selling the van,
the blue van, remember they had that
blue van.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> And I do know they bought it they they
went and bought a they bought a Tesla
like a year ago, too. I know they bought
a little Tesla car or something a couple
years ago, but yeah. Um
I miss I miss talking to them, man.
They're cool people.
>> Yeah,
>> they they do a lot of videos about like
Paleo diet and stuff like that now or
something. Oh yeah,
>> like they do a lot of like health and
lifestyle type vids now.
>> H interesting. Yeah, I haven't I really
haven't followed them in a long time. So
that's what happens, right? Eventually
everything kind of expires. I can't
believe that people still watching my
crap, you know, to be honest with you.
Like 12 12 years later and somehow it's
still interesting and and and still
getting views. I I guess I'm doing
something right.
>> That's because of you, though.
>> You think so?
>> Yeah. Well, I think I think a couple
reasons. Number one, I think and tell me
if I'm wrong, but I think you have an
incredible passion for being a YouTuber.
Is that is that true?
>> Very true.
>> Yeah.
>> So, there's there's that's all you need
right there. And people are going to
watch you and you're going to be
successful.
>> Yeah. Probably bigger passion.
I would say 5050 because I still
absolutely love what I do and I'm sure
that comes across pretty good too that
I'm passionate about certain things that
I pick up, you know,
>> so that helps a lot. Yeah. But I I
really like to dig in deep into you know
uh YouTube
>> because that's what you have when it
comes to content creating and doing
YouTube. have to have that passion to be
able to keep going and to to adapt and
change with the audience because like
you said things things get old, people
get bored
>> and if you don't have that passion it's
easy to burn out. it's easy to just kind
of fade away. And uh
>> I was I was actually gonna ask you,
Pete, about because earlier you said
something. I was gonna broach this
subject with you, but then I was like,
nah, that might be that might come
across as like insulting or something,
but you brought it up. So, but I I got
that same like I don't watch a whole lot
of reseller content, but I will put on a
Craigslist Hunter video
>> uh probably at least once every couple
of weeks or maybe even a little more
often sometimes depending. But
>> you don't really make what I would say
is reseller content anymore. You make
generalurpose type content that anybody
would like to watch, which you you
touched on. uh you don't like you you
and I are not the same you know
>> 100 100% right at the way at the
beginning I would totally mix between
both of them
>> I would do content strictly there was me
talking about eBay what happened what I
bought what I sold blah blah blah
>> and then I would do the the interactions
in a shop and then slowly
it really developed into you know just
doing strictly the show And even people
now when they come and visit the shop
uh you know they come and they say we
watch your show
>> right not that we watch a video here or
video there no we watch your show um and
I think huge
part of this is that so much more of
these people are consuming this on a big
screen TV
>> right
>> u that's a big part that's why I switch
completely from doing episodes that were
12, 15, 16 minutes long to going minimum
25 to 35 minutes window.
>> Makes sense.
>> To give him that full, you know,
experience of at least half an hour of
entertainment. Um, so I think right now
I what 52 or 55% of all content on
YouTube is consumed on big screen.
That's huge. I I was going to say that
when I look at my numbers now, um about
half of the people that watch shed flips
are watching on a TV.
>> Yeah.
>> Which that's mind-blowing,
>> especially in the reseller space because
resellers, not all, like there's some
people, but most resellers I feel like
still use their desktop computers a lot
and stuff,
>> you know, more than more than the
general general public does. But so for
us to be getting watched that much on
TVs is huge. And man, I did not even
think about that
that adapting the length of the video to
that TV audience because they don't want
to have to change the channel after 10
15 minutes.
>> Exactly.
>> They want to watch for a while.
>> They want to watch for a while. Right.
So same thing. I have the same problem
that when I watch content, YouTube
content on a TV,
which I do a lot, meaning like I I love
watching like travel vlogs, people that
go all over the world to weird places.
>> Uh if it's only a 8 10 minute video, I
won't put it on.
>> Yep.
>> I want to have the full experience. If
it says 20 plus minutes, yes, I'm in. if
it's less than that because I don't you
know it's just on TVs it's the control
of YouTube overall
it's not the same as quickly you can do
this either on a phone or on a laptop
right or on a computer
>> right
>> have you you said you you watch uh
travel vlogs have you ever heard of that
guy uh Mike okay have you heard of him
before
>> he did a series he went to Afghanistan I
think he went to North Korea once he's a
good one I I enjoy that content.
>> I watch a lot of this British guy, Bold
and Bankrupt.
>> I don't know if you ever seen him.
>> So, he's actually
he I think he immigrated from Russia to
England with his parents when he was
like a little boy.
>> He speaks little bit of still language,
his home language, you know, Russian
language. and he goes in and hits those
republics that nobody goes into like
just like you know you don't want to
show up there by yourself just
>> right
>> so it's it's very and now he does this
this all over the world he'll go to you
know he tries to sneak into North Korea
he does crazy [__] so yeah that's nuts
>> um so he's been he's been like locked up
somewhere in South America by cartel I
mean it was just wild
>> yeah now I don't know how much of this
is like it seems that everything that he
does is legit,
>> right?
>> But then again, you know,
I I don't know the guy like I know you
guys. You know what I mean?
>> Right. Right. Like if you see if you see
me saying something crazy, you can
pretty much book Yeah, that's happened.
That's what really really was. But yeah,
>> I always got to leave a little bit of
room for, you know, uh creative uh what
what's the word? I can't remember the
Hollywood thing. But I did want to ask
you, Pete, about
we touched on Okay. like you have
you used to do the thing like oh I'm
buying this I'm selling that and then
you move to be more of a general
audience show right which works because
you have people just coming off the
street you know a lot of them are your
viewers and stuff but they just they
just you have talent basically walking
through your door all day
>> free talent right
>> kind of yeah It's It's harder and
harder. I'll explain in a minute why,
but yeah. What's Okay.
>> Okay. So, and then they we see the
interaction. We see them walk up and oh,
I have I have something good for you
today, Peter, or whatever. And they put
the thing down and y'all go through your
your thing.
But like in the case of say
this like someone that tries to scam
you, which is probably going to be your
best performing video, right?
>> For the most part. Yes.
How does that go? Because we we were
actually talking we we did an inner we
have an inner circle um membership thing
for this podcast that people join and
then we do we do occasionally little
short live streams just for that. And we
Ryan and I were talking about how you
you can be an intimidating dude when you
want to be.
So
Ryan and I both like we respect you a
lot and like we were both talking about
how yeah Pete can be a little scary, you
know,
>> and I was just thinking like whenever
someone brings that fake Rolex or or
whatever up to you and they know it's
fake
and they present it to you as legit and
you they you immediately and I can see
in your eyes like like you knew when you
got the phone call it was going to be
fake.
>> Right.
>> You already I know you already knew. How
do you think that feels for them as they
just as you just totally tear them down
piece brick by brick on camera right
right there for the world to see? Like
how does and how do you get permission
from them to air that or do you care or
what? Like how what tell me about this.
So yeah, the the big question is always
about the permission thing. Um,
so
I'm filming in my own place, but it is
open to public, right?
>> So I have posters throughout the shop
and right even as they standing in that
spot when you guys see him filming
when the camera is set up and everything
is I mean it's pretty obvious. I mean,
the camera is on a boom. The mics are on
a boom right above it. Everything is
there. There's a cabinet with a huge
poster
20 in by 30 in with big letters like
this. Everything is written down.
>> We film for our YouTube channel. If you
have a problem with this,
>> please talk to any of the employees or a
manager. If you don't want us to use any
of this footage, let us know. blah blah
blah. So,
>> so it is pretty straightforward. Um,
but it's not enough that it's written
down because somebody might say, I
didn't see it,
>> you know, just a simple I didn't see I
didn't see any signs, you know,
>> right?
>> So, 99% of the interactions that I film,
>> I don't tell anybody that I'm filming,
but after it's done, I ask them for the
permission. I tell him, "Hey, listen. I
just shot this clip,
>> us interacting here.
>> It was probably 20 minutes. It's going
to get chopped down to five minutes. Are
you okay of me using this footage?"
And the camera is still rolling. They're
on film admitting, "Yes, no problem. Use
it." Okay. Um,
now the question when it comes to
scammers is
>> Yes, that's the one I was curious about.
I don't obviously tell him because what
they're gonna say. No, absolutely not.
Right.
>> Right.
>> I just let it be. He's a scammer. What
is he gonna do? He just tried to scam me
for 13 grand. What? He's going to go and
reported that he's selling me either a
fake or stolen Rolex.
>> Yeah. Kick rocks. Yeah.
>> Kick rocks, basically.
>> He He's on camera. He's on camera
breaking the law, like you said,
>> getting what they deserve.
>> Exactly. Now here's so in my whole
career over thousand videos
I did end up removing few videos
uh from the platform from YouTube
and here and I'm being honest and the
people were honest with me like the
video drops
it blows up within a week it gets half a
million views guess what their friends
see them
>> right
And they get and they get a phone call.
Hey, did you see it? You were on camera.
You were trying to scam this pawn shop.
>> Yep.
>> And they go, "No, I wasn't. I blah blah
blah blah blah blah."
>> So, they call the shop and they say,
"Listen, I know you film. I see myself.
I really wasn't trying to scam you. I
had no idea. I apologize. Can I ask you,
can you remove this because it's going
to ruin my reputation?" And when they
approach me like that, I say, "Okay,
yes, I'm potentially losing a lot of
views here because it might go even
bigger,
>> but I respect that,
>> right?
>> No problem. No question asked. I'll
remove it." You know,
>> so I had probably
that situation happened four or five
times throughout the whole career.
>> That's not even that many
>> with scammers. with scammers. There were
more people
>> asking, calling in like they agreed,
they were fine with it and then they
later say, "You know what? I saw myself.
I look stupid. I said couple stupid
things
>> this and that." You know, c can you
remove it? So when something like that
happens, I usually just if if it's a
if it's not a huge like long clip, I'll
just go in on YouTube and I'll just clip
it there. cut it.
>> I'll remove two, three, five minutes,
whatever. Now, if it was a 10-minute
negotiation or something, then I'll just
delete the whole video because all of a
sudden, you know, you making such a
short video out of the main video. And
so, but that's that's how I approach it
when it comes to, you know, the scammer
like you said, kick rocks and see, you
know.
>> So, how do you how do you feel when
you're you're in the shop and this this
person is in front of you and you know
that they're they're trying to scam you?
Are do you get do you get excited? Do
you get mad? If it was I'm going to be
honest, speaking from me, if it was me,
I'd be getting excited because I know I
have some
>> Listen Listen. I'm so excited. My bad
YouTube stuff.
>> My fingers my fingers are tingling. I'm
got to grab a glass of water, have a
little bit of water. I'm like, I need to
get ready for this because
first I got to slow play it
>> so I don't scare him,
>> right? And I'll let him I'll let them
deep themselves deeper and deeper. Yeah.
>> And I gotta ask questions right in my
mind. I'm thinking certain questions
that I have to ask to make it to make it
interesting for the viewer,
>> right?
>> And this is right on the spot. There's
no script. There is nothing. I got to be
ready. So, um yeah, it's it's fun. I I
>> There was there was one video I was
watching. I think it was it was uh one
of the watch ones and one of like it was
two guys and his buddy was also wearing
a watch and you go, "Oh, what's up with
your watch? It's it's not working." And
it was supposedly a Rolex and he goes,
"Oh, the the battery's dead."
>> So yeah, I mean like when I can even
push him farther, you know, for to to to
dig themselves deeper into the
shenanigans that they trying to pull on
me and
I you know when
I feel like
after five at least five or six minutes
of me asking stupid questions a lot of
times you know these people still after
five minutes don't realize or just are
so anxious to just get anything for this
stuff or what you know it's weird. Um
but yeah they're they're they're
classic. Now, there's another thing,
too. I love negotiations overall when
somebody is like a character. Sometimes
I will not care what they're bringing
me.
>> It might be just a very simple dewalt
drill, but if the character is
interesting
>> and if I can play it, you know, with him
and ask him the right questions, it
becomes that just the interaction. Who
cares what's on a table? is just that
interaction and me asking just goofy
stupid sometimes questions, you know,
but it's fun for for the audience, you
know? So, it's
>> so that's that's another thing I wanted
to ask you. How do you like how does
what's it look like before they walk
into the shop? Do you see them coming
like outside and you turn the camera on
or do you always have your camera
rolling? Like how does that how does
that work? So way way in the beginning I
would had a lot of footage and it was
rolling a lot the camera but then us
later to I had to sit down and sift
through this footage and it was so much
work.
>> Uh and it's just and the cameras would
die and the cards would get filled up.
It got it got crazy. So later I figure
out, okay, I'm only gonna turn on when I
feel that it's that it's something worth
shooting. Um,
>> and for a while I had an option that
when I use the old because I don't shoot
with with the older uh Canon Canon 70Ds,
but I used to shoot with them and I had
an option with the remote control camera
on them. M
>> um so people wouldn't even see I would
had a remote click on it boom the the
mic was always live mic was always on um
but then later I switched to different
cameras and I could also operate turn
them on from my phone Bluetooth
connected
>> uh but it became glitchy couple times
things went wrong so now
I physically just even when they're
standing in front of me I'm acting like
I'm play I'm talking to them I'm playing
with the camera carrying a kind of
stupid conversation. I click power and
you know I set up the camera. I put a
little viewfinder there. I make sure
everything is in frame, everything is
good. They don't even a lot of people
don't even realize. Uh oh, we lost Ryan
for a second. There you are.
>> Nope.
>> Okay. Uh so yeah, I I now I just see
when they come in, I see if it's
something interesting interesting
character, I just turn it on right
there. And a lot of people don't don't
even realize, you know. I never tell
them though. I never tell them before
that I'm recording unless it's a
business and they know
>> then they even ask, "Hey, you want to
record this? I got some cool stuff for
you." You know, then it's a different
ball game. But I
>> Does that make Does that make it
difficult like being a a a big celebrity
like star on YouTube? Does it make it
difficult to do business sometimes when
people know who you are and know like
you know kind of your game and how you
act and how you negotiate and um
sometimes I've even noticed that you
know you you give good deals. you help
people out, you know, like how does how
does how does that does it make it
difficult in that nature with people who
know you or is it just kind of you just
play by ear and it's not a big deal?
>> A little bit. Sometimes I play it by the
ear, but a little bit becomes harder
because they kind of expect they already
know the outcome, right?
>> Mhm.
>> Because they know, okay, he pays roughly
this much and this much or if I bring
him this particular product that he
likes, you know, he might pay more. So
yeah, it becomes a little bit difficult.
But if it's a first-time person coming
in, never seen me or we never dealt,
those are the best,
>> right?
>> Because I never I don't tell him that
I'm filming. So, I get those real true
face expressions, negotiations. That's
what you want.
>> Uh,
>> every time that it's like the second
time I'm filming with somebody or or
they know for some reason that the
camera is on, it's not the same. It's
not real.
>> Yeah. Yeah, they I I notice that a lot
that they they become almost an actors.
>> They're acting. They're they're doing
this and and sometimes I don't I won't
use those clips even. I'll watch it
later. I'm like, "No, no, people will
know, you know, people will know that
this was either scripted, set up,
whatever." You know, I try and it's
harder and harder because the channel
has been around for a while because so
many people know now that it's hard to
get those true interactions. You know,
>> I I don't think people realize have any
clue that there's all that going on in
your noggin
during while you're doing all this work,
all this behind the scenes stuff in your
head. Like they they probably are
watching most people are watching your
videos and they're thinking, "Boy,
that's going to really make Pete mad
this time." You know what I mean? Like
that's really going to grind Pete's
gears. You know, they don't understand
that. like, "No, Pete, this is what Pete
was waiting for all day right here, you
know."
>> Yeah. But there is sometimes moments
that somebody out of nowhere will come
in with something or even bystander
that gets into the interaction
and it just becomes wild and it really
ticks me off and I got to all of a
sudden step up and say, "Whoa, wait a
minute. Now, those are super interesting
because now I now I'm also
>> you're not an actor, right? You're real.
>> So, it's it's I actually put out this
this was a video that was done probably
a year ago, but we recently put out a
short with it that is blowing up right
now. Um, it's a lady that steps in into
the interaction that is almost ripping
stuff out of the guy's hand as he's
putting this on a counter
>> and and and starts swearing at him and
calling him an [__] and this and that
and it just becomes like a wild thing,
you know.
>> Um, so you just you just never know. Um,
now big part of everything that is
happening
kind of behind the scenes that all my
guys that work for me, that Ryan that
it's been with me forever and kind of my
right-hand guy and everybody else that
works for me, they're all part of the
show, right? So, they they know how to
place themselves. They know what to do.
They know what to say. They know what to
step in at in certain moments if they
have to. Uh but that just comes from
experience and us doing this for so long
you know at the beginning nobody nobody
knew what is it going to become you know
so yeah
>> so so when you go around town because
Ryan Ryan tells me like probably once
every couple days like he'll just be
going to the the gas station or the
grocery store or wherever around town
and he he actually gets recognized from
his uh crazy dreamer Tik Tok all the
time. Like you must at this point you
must like every time you go out you must
people must like call you out. Huh?
Every single time.
>> So especially like locally when it comes
to our reselling niche when obviously a
lot of resellers watch the channel too
not only you know regular folks. So I
can't and all these managers and people
in stores like in Goodwill Savers I
can't they all know me
>> right? So, and and most of these
customers that are in there when I walk
in, you know, they wave from the
distance, hey, Pete, blah, blah, blah.
So, but I mean, I don't think the
channel is that big. I mean, half a
million subscribers. Yeah, it's okay.
>> It's pretty big.
>> But I Yeah, I do.
Everywhere we go with my wife on any
trips, Yeah. people recognize me at, you
know, on a plane, at the airport, in
restaurants. Yeah. So,
>> do you get asked for autographs?
>> I do.
>> Ever?
>> Yeah, you do.
>> I do.
>> Yeah. People, especially the people that
make the trip that they come to the
shop, they want a photo, you know, they
want a t-shirt. Oh, can you put, you
know, can you autograph the t-shirt?
Which is very humbling. I don't I don't
mind at all.
>> Yeah, that's cool.
>> Yeah. You know, it's it's nice. So, and
it did help me a few times
in certain situations that was like, h,
okay, this let's take care of Pete
Craigslist Hunter over here. Come on.
Come on in.
>> Right.
>> You know, one of those things. So, but
yeah. So,
how long is it going to go? I don't
know. The channel. It's a good question.
>> How long?
>> I think as long as you want. As long as
you want to keep doing it. Like it's
stronger than ever, right? Right now.
>> Um, no. It's been stronger.
>> It's been stronger.
>> Co years it was a little stronger. Huh?
Is that what you're
>> Well, no. Covert years was super
strange. Um, in covert years, I even
started a second channel. Do you
remember? I did like for experiment for
six months with before shorts were
shorts. I did short short form content.
All the videos were between two to three
minutes.
>> I remember that.
>> And I never mentioned this on my main
channel and I wanted to see how quickly
I can get to 10,000 subscribers on that
channel um without me blowing up this on
the main channel and funneling people
in.
>> So, it took about six months. It got to
10,000. Uh but this was because of co
because I wanted to
there was nothing to talk about during a
co for me. The shop shut down for six
months. Oh no, I'm sorry. Three months.
>> Uh and I had no interactions. I'm like
how am I going to get this channel
rolling? I'm not talking to anybody. I'm
not doing anything. Uh, so I started
first on a regular channel just talking
to people about my orders that are like
you packing every day, pulling orders
from shelves, packing blah blah blah,
talking about them. But then I figure
out, oh, let me do this other channel
that I talk about the actual item for
about a minute or two.
>> I remember that.
>> And people like that. It was it was
cool. But then, you know, then we
reopened and I got to my regular groove
and I started doing, you know, so and
for the longest time when shorts really
started popping, I was actually against
of
the shorts were the worst thing for me.
I thought this this is can't be this is
going to be another Tik Tok. I don't
want to no no no 15, 20, 30 seconds. I'm
not doing this. Mhm.
>> About a year ago and I did few I did few
shorts here and there and I'm like no
I'm not fun of this but about a year ago
I was talking to this other creator and
he said he explained to me what the
shorts can do to the main channel and he
says don't worry about it. Remember this
was this moment that people didn't know
if shorts should be
>> should should you dedicate a separate
channel just for shorts or are they
killing your main channel because you
>> you all be in the same if you remember
you used to be in the same feed and I
think that was part of the
>> right
>> everything was in the main feed and now
now it's kind of taking it out
>> it was ugly and and I didn't want to
like shoot separate shorts and then my
friend told me
don't shoot separate. You don't have to.
You have so much content. You can clip
your own stuff. I'm like, okay, that's
something to think about. And then I I
talked to my editor. I said, listen,
Carlos, can you do this? Look, in this
video, this interaction was very cool.
It's six minutes long. Can you clip it
and make it two and a half minutes so it
still flows good? If it makes sense.
He did few of those for me and they
perform pretty well, but I was still
learning how to actually package this.
So, it's
>> um
>> so it's presentable enough that they're
willing to click on a channel and go to
the actual channel. And now about about
what six months ago or maybe a year ago,
>> YouTube gave you that option that you
can link the actual video to it. Yep.
That was a gamecher and that opened up
my eyes like oh my gosh now this
>> they love this interaction now they
quickly clicking
>> and they going to see that video and and
that was a game changer. So now I'm
really concentrating
on putting up more shorts and we try to
put out at least couple a week. So now
I'm in this transition now of doing lot
more shorts now. So, so that works then,
huh? That little link at the bottom.
>> Huge.
>> Really? Wow.
>> I just wrote it down.
>> All right.
>> Huge. Sending sending that audience
directly to that video. And soon as they
watch that video, they go down the
rabbit hole. They subscribe
>> because it's so hard for them to get
these people on short, especially on
YouTube, to subscribe to your channel,
>> right? Because it's it's just that
motion, right? They watch it, they enjoy
it, but it's just that motion. They're
flicking next one, next one, next one.
An hour later, they don't even remember.
>> That's how I do it. When I watch shorts,
I I know I hardly ever subscribe to
anybody through shorts. I just watch the
next one,
>> right? And then an hour and a half went
by and you go, "What the [__] just
happened,
>> right?
>> And you don't remember anything, you
know, you don't remember what you watch.
But if you get them to go into the
channel, actually watch the long
content, then become a subscriber." And
now they say this the subscribers don't
matter these days, right? Like it's
views, views, subscribers don't matter.
No, they do matter. If you're running a
bigger overall business, it does matter.
Um, so
>> just from a credibility aspect, like if
I see a short that I like
and I see that they have like if I saw
like like Pete, if I watched one of your
shorts and I didn't know anything about
you and I'm like, "Okay, what what's
what's up with this guy?" And I go look
at your profile and I see you got
500,000 subscribers, I'm going to be
like, "Oh,
this guy's leg. Everybody likes this
guy. This guy's legit. he must
>> whereas if if I go and look at your
profile and you've got 1580 subscribers,
I might be, oh, this guy might be legit.
He he's up and coming. He might have got
lucky. He's not really a known thing. I
don't know. Like it's two different like
as soon as I see somebody has over
100,000 subs, I'm going to pay a little
more attention, you know?
>> Yeah. But sometimes it's a little bit
deceiving too on shorts because some of
these channels will pump out so many
shorts
and
every you know 20 or 50 or every hundred
they will hit a one that it goes mega
viral right.
>> So that drives the views and and and
pumps and brings people to their
channel. And when you get a video that
goes, you know, 50 million views viral,
>> you guaranteed to get quite a few
subscribers from that no matter what.
>> So it's a little tricky. It's it's a
balance. But I tell you one big thing
that I noticed that a lot of people say,
"Ah, I don't want to play with the
shorts game. Not big money in there
because, you know, it's one big pool and
it's hard to generate unless you're
getting millions of views on every
single video. You're not making whole
lot. I mean that's the that's the truth.
But what people don't talk about that if
I get that a million view video on
shorts
that will bring at least 10% of these
people that watch that short into my
main channel and now that 10% watch that
long form that's where the money is
>> right. So if I can keep funneling them.
So all of a sudden that short two minute
short made me actually shitload of
money.
>> When you think it like that. So I think
a lot of pe So if you can have if you
can have long and short together and you
can funnel this that's amazing. If
you're just doing shorts it's harder
obviously you know. song.
>> It took it took Ryan a long time to
convince me because I was anti-shorts,
too, like you, Pete. And I it took him a
while to convince me that shorts were
worthwhile until And then finally I was
like finally it got through to me like
the the goal of shorts isn't to you
don't look at a short and say, "Oh, well
that made me $3.26."
Like that's not the way to look at it.
The way to look at it is what it does.
Like any any view, any exposure,
whatever you can do to get more eyeballs
on you long term is going to help
everything you do.
>> Exactly.
>> And that's that's the mindset I have
now.
>> That's social media for you.
>> Yeah, that's social media for you. So,
um
>> yeah, some platforms you might have to
create a little bit different
>> for for some of them, but in general,
>> I got too much going on to also do
shorts on. I, you know, I I had a Tik
Tok. I walked away from it. I kind of
trying to concentrate strictly on
YouTube. Um, you know, I did some shorts
for the Facebook, too. Little bit of
Instagram. Uh, I just
>> Are you monetized? Are you monetized on
Facebook, Pete?
>> Uh, no, I'm not.
>> Pete, you got to get monetized on
Facebook. We We might need to talk
later. It's pretty good. It's
>> Yeah, that's what I heard. That's what I
heard. It should
it like I I I know you time is a big
thing for you and you don't you don't
edit your own videos, your own stuff
anymore. All your editing is done by a
>> I don't I have an editor now. Um
>> Carlos must be so nice.
>> Yeah, because listen, it gave me a lot
of time back far as you know doing other
stuff. I I not only do YouTube, I run
real legit big business that I need to
attend to. Um, then I got also a couple
other side hustles that I do. You know,
I'm big into real estate and stuff, too.
So, I'm busy. I I like
>> um Yep.
>> So, edit and you guys know how much
editing takes. If you want to produce
semidecent content, now I got better
over the years and I was able to like,
okay,
>> these are the clips we shot. I know 90%
of them are good. All I got to do is
play with them a little bit, set them up
correctly and you know, but back in the
day used to take me four to five hours
to edit a video. I had a lot of footage,
trim it to 15 minutes and then get it
nicely packaged. I was able to get that
down to like two and a half hours maybe
for then later 20 25 minute video. I got
better at it. Obviously, we all do as we
do more and more stuff.
>> But eventually I'm like, you know what?
No, it's just time to let it go. The
hardest part was
trying to keep the same style that I was
doing
>> and pass it on. And I was able to do
that with with my editor with Carlos.
And
>> he's good. I didn't know I didn't know
that you weren't editing your own stuff.
I I thought you might not be, but I I
wasn't sure. That's how good he is. So,
so but then he implemented few of his
own things that were like, "Oh my gosh,
this is so much better the way you're
doing it than I was doing it." So, it it
worked out. And he shoots a lot of
footage, too, in the shop.
>> So,
>> he used to be very part-time for me in a
shop. He would come in just on a
scheduled days that I would bring him in
and he would shoot what we call
obviously in a business a B-roll certain
things, right, that we would need in
between fillers and stuff.
>> Mhm.
>> Now he's almost more full-time.
>> Oh.
>> Meaning that he's he's spending at least
25 to 30 hours in the shop.
>> Oh. on the set ready to go at any time
to do anything
>> but it's also became so good that he
wanted to learn a little bit of my
business. Ah,
>> so he became
a cameraman, uh, an editor, but also
employee of the shop that if I need him
to
>> Oh,
>> be used as an employee. Hey, go do this
negotiation or go do this or
>> it's valuable.
>> So, it's super valuable for me both
ways. He's not only can attend to the
customers, but he can quickly pick up
the camera and become a cameraman.
>> Okay. When John see when John you know
you know John and I reconnected recently
I'm sure.
>> Yes sir.
>> And
>> about freaking time.
>> Yeah. No kidding.
>> I agree. And
he told me because at first he he talked
about the reseller rally which which
we're doing again in u in September.
>> Super exciting.
>> Me too. I I'm really excited about it.
And he told me, he said, "Yeah, Pete's
even bringing a cameraman."
So Carlos, your editor and employee and
camera, he's coming to the reseller
rally with you.
>> Wow.
>> So he's going to film the whole thing,
the two days.
>> Okay.
>> The
the party before, you know, the the the
first event on Friday, right? And then
second part. Um, and the the way we
already talked, he's gonna try to stay
kind of behind the scenes, meaning that
he's gonna film it, but not be in your
face as much. If he can do that, we'll
see how that happens.
>> Um,
I'm probably
I'm not going to be walking around Mike
top or anything like that. M, we'll see.
I don't know. We still playing the
details. We we are we're we're planning
on doing an episode of this show uh
where Ryan and I are miked up and
mingling in the crowd. You know, it
might I don't know how long it's going
to be for unless the rules, you know,
prevent that from happening.
>> I think the problem with being miked top
is when you Okay, I could be mike top.
Unless that mic is that good, they can
pick up the conversation with the other
person. If you can't mic them up really
quick,
I'm all about having quality like audio
and video. So, I don't know if we would
just be better off with the point and
shoot gun mic that it's shooting just at
that two people there. You know, that
might be a better option. That's how I
do it in a shop and audio comes out
spectacular.
>> Yeah, it sounds great.
>> Yeah. You know
>> what I was thinking about doing cuz we
both have these little DJI DJI mics.
>> I was thinking about just like 3D, you
know, just having like a microphone
holder to where it looks like you're
wear, you know, like a regular old
broadcast mic.
>> Then you mount this in it and then you
use that as a mic.
>> And then Ryan could have one, I could
have one. We're working the crowd and
then we can use it like, you know, a mic
that you stick put in somebody's face
that they talk into as we
>> both mics both mics are going back to
the camera.
>> So, we could potentially have It's not
as clean as what you're talking about,
but I think it might work in a noisy
environment pretty well.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it could. I mean, these
little DJI mics, I use them, too.
They're great.
>> Oh, they're awesome. Love them. I love
them. So
yeah, see I thought we were going to
talk about all kinds of [__] that we've
been on for 50 minutes talking about
YouTube.
>> That's actually
>> I did I did want to bring up a video
another video of yours that and this is
eBay related. So we can we can swing it
back to eBay.
>> I don't know Lonnie if you saw this
video but I was I was amazed. So, you
had this guy who ordered a pair of
pliers from you. Do you remember this?
This was actually a pretty recent video.
And he opened a return request, sent it
back to you, and you received a empty
package.
>> Right.
Then you did some research. I'm assuming
you looked up his name and found out
that he owned a business in wherever
this was.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And you looked up the business's phone
number, called them on camera, and
confronted him.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, I didn't see that.
>> That That was
>> That was diabolical.
>> And I thought I thought it was going to
be really fun for people to watch, even
those who have nothing to do with eBay,
right? They don't buy, they don't sell.
But it would be like super interesting
for people to see what's going to
happen. Especially
>> when you make that wild phone call to
them, they have no idea what's
happening.
>> Yeah, it was it was uh it was a good
video. I liked that myself, you know.
So,
>> whatever happened with that? Did he ever
call you back or No,
>> of course never called me back.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Uh I I'm pretty sure he he played it. It
almost made it sound at one moment that
I'm like, "Oh, maybe this guy is not
trying to pull anything off."
>> He was a little bit convincing for a
minute. Yeah,
>> for a minute. But then if I never
receive a phone call back for him,
anybody who would do that would try to
either repair their reputation or just a
simple phone call, something. Never
heard from him.
>> Yeah.
>> But I I liked because I could see that
you were, you know, you realized that,
okay, if I hang this phone up, this is
over. So, I got to keep this going
because he kept trying to tell you, "Oh,
it was it was this employee that I have
that that that did the return request or
whatever." And he's not here right now.
Let me call you back. Let me call you
back. And you're like, "No, no, no, no."
And you stayed on the phone with him to
get that interaction for for the video.
So,
>> yeah,
>> that was good.
>> So, so Pete, you I I have not seen this
video. I need to go watch it. It was a
empty They they he sent you back like an
empty box or something as a return. Is
that what happened?
>> Just empty envelope. Nothing in it.
Completely empty. So, when you got that
when you got that, were you immediately
happy or sad? I I'm I'm assuming happy,
but I'm not.
>> Well, I I I see this I open up and I'm
like, okay, this is 100,000 views.
>> Yes. Right. Right. Right.
>> So, look, 100,000 views are in here.
>> It wasn't empty after all.
So, as a YouTuber, you think totally
different, right? Like anything that can
might be entertaining for people, um,
>> you try to incorporate and and I think
about that all the time. Um, so, but
it's to be very honest with you guys,
it's harder and harder for me to do some
of these videos because
because of what the channel become. And
it's harder. People, like I said
earlier, they know, okay, they want to
be on a video. And people that want to
be on a video are usually never
interesting,
>> right?
>> Like they will call and they will in
advance. I got this, this, and this. I'm
going to send you pictures. Can I bring
it in? You can put it even they say you
can put it even on your video. Like they
want to be on a video, right?
>> Yeah. And a lot of times it's just like
either crap I don't want or they're not
an interesting character, you know. It's
so so it's hard, you know, because
>> I rather have those interaction that I
never seen anybody, I never talked to
them. It's a first time deal, you know?
Those are the interesting ones. But
>> it's so weird, man, because like you're
simultaneously
trying to make money in your business.
Sell sell, buy or sell something from
these people. And also at this
simultaneously
there is casting going on for your next
video
>> and they don't even know it.
>> Yeah, it's it's hard. And obviously, you
know, running a real business.
>> Well, I say real. I mean, [__] YouTube
is a real business, too. Like, sure,
100%. Like, you got to put in
>> the hours that you put in, that's what
you're going to get out out of it. And
you got to think about it. And, you
know, uh, yes, it got a little bit
easier for me because you know I got the
cameraman and editor blah blah blah but
uh
and and here's the problem too when
which one after a while
>> you take care of more
>> right
>> both of these business cannot exist one
without another
>> right
>> I gotta have the shop
>> to have the show okay uh but show if I
don't have the show doesn't bring me
that flow of people because it it it
does generate a lot of people coming
into the shop and some people are even
laughing now. I don't know if you guys
seen the video that I dropped the other
day. I did bunch of like
>> rearranging in a shop that looks
completely different now when you walk
in. And I mainly did that because I
overheard people talking when they come
in and a lot of them are viewers that
come in to visit the shop that oh
because you don't see a lot of the the
stuff in the shop. You only see the
counter 90% of the time when I do the
negotiation and the rest of the shop
wasn't that attractive in certain areas.
So I'm like, you know what? so much more
people are coming in as viewers and they
they they're just fans. They want to see
the shop. I got to make it more
presentable. So that's what I did. I
kind of made the main room, the first
room to give you a better impression as
you walk in, you know? So it's like I
constantly got to think about this now.
Like I said, one cannot exist without
the other. So um I wouldn't be where I
am without this YouTube channel.
>> Is Isn't that interesting though?
because um I've always felt the same
way. It's like
I I think I might even be worse than
you. Like I have to sell on eBay. We
have to sell on eBay to to do YouTube
and
>> keep that rolling.
We h we have to
>> I don't know at what level we have to
like what if we want to like quit like
scale back like how much could we scale
back and still and still do enough to
make YouTube viable? I don't know but
>> yeah I mean and both and listen both
businesses
make good money for me now. Um,
when I said earlier, when you start
paying attention to one more than the
other, well, you always try to pay
attention to the one that's starting to
make more money,
>> right?
>> But it's hard because you can't neglect
the other one because if you do, you
know, this is it became like one giant
bowl now that I got to attend to at all
times. Um, but it's fun, man. I love it.
I love it. Every aspect of it, you know.
So, um I am planning to retire in three
and a half years.
>> Oh,
>> from everything.
>> Wow.
>> Completely from the shop and Craigslist
Hunter, not from YouTube. I got other
plans. I'm going to do other things.
>> Uh interesting.
>> Are you talk Are you talking about that
yet or are you going to hold off on
talking about that for for closer to
when it happens?
>> Probably a little bit closer when it
happens. But that's you know I'm getting
up there. I'm 56 now, you know. Um
>> I can't even imagine a world where you
aren't just standing behind that counter
at at the trading post.
>> My wife tells me I'll never retire, but
I am because I want to do different
things with her. You know, we want to do
things. I want to travel the world. I I
got places to see. I don't have much
time left, man.
>> And time y'all travel a lot, though.
Y'all y'all travel a bunch.
>> I do. I do. But I want more. I want to
see the world. There's so much beautiful
places to see and so many great people
to interact as. And what when am I going
to do this? When I'm 80. When I can't
move.
>> Even if I make it to 80.
>> I I'm with you, but from a
>> a selfish perspective, I can't like Oh,
that's so sad.
That's so sad to think that you you're
going to quit. I mean, I we're all going
to quit and die and all kind of stuff
one day, right? Like, I get that. But
>> yeah,
>> just thinking about an actual like,
okay, the video where Thanks guys, it's
over. Thanks Pete, it's over. Thanks.
Thanks, Pete. It's guys.
>> So, it's not going to be like that.
>> That's sad, man.
>> I don't think it's going to be like
that.
>> What? Okay. Well, tell make me feel
better about it.
>> I You want to make a really sad face for
your thumbnail?
>> No. Oh,
>> yes. Yes, we can use it. Really? Go
ahead.
>> Should I go like this?
>> You can't do it, Ryan. We have to look
kind of astonished.
>> You guys are like this
>> and I'm like this.
>> Okay.
>> All right.
>> All right. Time stamp.
>> Have you announced Have you Have you
mentioned that publicly that you're
thinking about first time?
>> Okay. All right.
>> This is it. It's break. We're going to
break it right here.
>> Breaking news.
So, are you going to sell the YouTube
channel?
>> Huh?
>> Are you going to sell the YouTube
channel?
>> I had an offer.
>> Really?
>> I did had an offer a year ago.
>> Oh.
>> And I'm like, but guys, explain this to
me. How is this going to move forward
when I'm not here?
>> You are the
>> right.
>> This has this has happened before with
big channels where somebody comes in and
buys it and then they buy they hire
other talent to run It'll never work. It
never works. No.
>> So, I was like I was like, should I take
the money and run,
>> but it wasn't enough?
>> Yeah.
>> Can you Can you
I Man, I hate to ask. How much was it,
Pete, you can just say I don't want to
tell you if you want or whatever, but
how much was it? Did you say is not
enough?
>> It wasn't seven figures, so it wasn't
enough.
>> Okay. But it was more than six.
>> Yeah.
What? Dude, you know what would be like
a really great deal for somebody
>> is if they bought the trading post and
the YouTube channel all part and parcel
and hired your editor and they just like
turnkey
Craigslist Hunter Wish version just
>> well overnight. The whole thing will be
available in about three and a half
years.
>> Well, there you go.
>> Package deal. Wow. or separate, but I I
kind of not see it separate. You know,
you got to buy the whole deal.
>> Exactly.
>> What about the cat and the parrot and
the bird?
>> If they live long enough,
>> the the the parrot will l live
definitely long enough.
>> So,
>> the parrot's going to outlive you
probably, right?
>> Yeah, definitely. She's over 50 now and
they live 80 to 100. [__] So,
>> wow.
Wow.
>> Yeah. Animals are a big part of what you
do, too.
>> They do. A lot of people love animals. I
realized that really, really quickly,
way at the beginning, that there's so
many animal lovers, cats, dogs, birds,
all you know. So, I implemented them
almost immediately.
>> You you say that and and we we all see
as viewers, we all see people that bring
their an animals into their videos and
stuff and they're like, "Oh, look,
that's nice." And then they're like,
"Oh, but we get it. They're probably
just playing off the animal to help
their video or help their channel or
whatever. But it's very clear when
people watch you with your animals
trading post
>> that
>> Oh, I love them to that
>> that you like it's real. You love them.
You love having them with you all day
like and they live there, right? They
all just live at the trading post.
>> They live there because I have a zoo at
home, too. So, I Yeah. How many animals
do you have?
>> I got two more cats at home. They big
mainun. I love them.
>> Minecoun.
>> Oh, main.
>> Big cats.
>> Those are huge.
>> Huge. Yeah. One is one is like almost 25
lbs. The other one is 20. They're big
cats.
>> That's awesome. They're long, big, tall
cats, too, huh? Oh, that's amazing.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't think Man, I don't think I ever
knew this. Do you ever post these cats?
Or maybe I don't pay attention. Have you
ever posted them anywhere? There is
couple videos
that I shot like intros and it was part
of some kind of me doing something that
I shot some video at home when they were
both at home and I was showing them off
but not much.
>> What are their names, Pete?
>> Uh, well there is uh Remy is the black
one. The 25 pound cat is Remy and the
other one is Louie. Two different
>> two different personalities.
>> Man, I've been a cat guy my entire life
and then we we do have a dog now, but
I'm still a cat guy and I still have a
cat that that u I'm really attached to.
>> Is Pippen still ticking?
>> Oh, Pippen's still ticking and he's
Pippen's had about uh $10,000 worth of
eye surgeries and he's he can see good
and everything and uh No, Pippen's doing
great. Love that dog, too. But I also
love cats. I've always been a cat person
and I always like I always like that
about you, Pete, because I watch you and
I'm like, most dudes want to be this
macho thing and they're like, I hate
cats. I love dogs or whatever. But this
is a man that ain't afraid to tell the
world, I love cats. Because I love cats,
too.
>> I love him, man.
>> I do, too.
>> And
>> and so I got to ask this. This is a
weird question, Pete. I'm sorry, but I
got to ask cuz this is something else
weird about me. I like cats. And you
know what else I like? Pete, are you a
shower or a bath guy?
>> Oh boy.
>> Before you answer that, Before you
answer that, what do you think Lonnie
is?
>> He knows. He's probably Pete watches
everything. He knows everything.
>> Oh, you love bathtubs.
>> Oh, I love baths, man. I love the bath.
Let me let me give you answer here
really quick. I don't have a bathtub in
my house.
>> Oh man.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't I got three showers.
>> I've been taking a few notes over here
and doodling a little bit too and I was
about to jot down does not like baths
and I don't and I'm then I'm thinking
like what am I going to do with this
information later that I need it for?
I'm like don't wipe don't write this
line. So, I have a couple questions for
you guys. Uh,
>> so
um,
>> when you Ryan started your first channel
on YouTube, and this is years back too
now, right? Uh, was was the the Dreamer
channel first venture?
>> No, Thrift Mine was
>> Thrift Mine was first, right?
>> Yep. Mhm.
What happened there that you decided,
okay, Drift Mine is doing good. I'm
getting good exposure. I'm raking up
some views.
Wasn't Were you not happy doing that
content that you created,
the second channel? What happened there?
I always wonder about that because your
channel for a while was on fire.
>> Yeah, I kind of quit when I was at the
top. Uh but um no it was it was a couple
it was a few things. Number one we had a
we had a son so that changed the
dynamics of a lot of things right. Um as
far as like time you know cuz going to
garage sales and stuff and reselling you
know devoting time to reselling along
with doing the YouTube as you know very
timeconuming especially when you have a
newborn right. So which we continued
doing for a while. Um but and then on
top of that we were doing the garage
sale content and we start well we had
so we were kind of stressed out from
like you know being parents and trying
to do this YouTube thing and the garage
sale thing and then on top of that we
had some negative interactions at garage
sales. We had one guy in particular
harassed us really bad was yelling and
screaming at us just for just filming.
He didn't like that we were filming for
whatever reason. and it was another
garage sales stropper. It stressed me
out, stressed my wife out really bad. We
had our son with us and like from there
on out it kind of was just like over for
us like mentally
because it was just like we're like we
need to keep our family safe first. Like
this is getting too crazy. Like it it
was it was a little bit scary obviously.
>> Yeah. It's totally different right now.
You have a family, you have a son. It's
it's a different ball game. So you got
>> Exactly. Exactly. And I think because of
that, I kind of fell out of love in
making that content because that
happened. Um I wish I still could make
that content sometimes, but uh and you
know, it's not to say that I won't again
someday, but um for right now,
>> I always I always worried when I shot
few, you know, these garage sales
videos,
>> yeah,
>> that eventually it might backfire. It
might something might happen and people
might go after you or whatever you know
it doesn't take much in this world that
we live in now you just never know and
yeah I know garage sale they open up to
the public it is public thing
>> but you are on their property you are in
their garage you never know you know and
and then let's you know what was my
always biggest fear I would be in that
garage filming something there I'm not
even in the house I'm just in that
garage and then
>> something happens to these people at
their home.
>> Oh,
>> that was like my biggest and then it's
like that's this guy was scoping our
house or doing something or you know
>> Pete Pete that's what happened to me.
That's what happened to me when I was
filming at uh an estate sale one time
and that estate sale I was filming on
like a sun u maybe a Saturday or
something like that and that estate sale
got broken into that night
and there was a post made about me and
there was a picture of me on the post on
Facebook.
>> Oh man.
>> Big picture of me wearing a camera.
>> That's what I'm talking about. And then
a bunch of people under there. Yeah,
that creep. I always see that creep at a
at the sales and blah. All these people
[__] on me, man.
>> Oh, man.
>> And it was um it was terrible reading
the way people were talking about me.
And then I was I had one not too long
after that, I had an estate sale runner
follow me. I made a purchase. She
followed me out to my car
>> and she started filming me and I was
said, "Hey, what's going on? what are
you doing? She would not respond to me.
She just kept filming me. She walked
around to the back, started filming my
license plate, like zooming in.
>> And I and I said, "Look, I don't know
what you think I am, but I'm not. I
think because they had they had
mentioned in the Facebook post. I said,
I am not the like I was not like casing
the joint for somebody to rob it. I had
nothing to do with any of that. I I know
like if you don't want me to wear the
camera in your estate sale, I won't. And
she never said a freaking word.
>> And after that is when I quit film at at
sales. It got weird.
>> Okay. So then you you kind of stop that,
Ryan. And then you go you push on on on
Dreamer's channel a lot more, right?
>> Yep.
>> And then what happens
>> on the on the YouTube channel?
>> Yeah. Uh, I didn't really find much
success there
>> on on the Crazy Dreamers channel. Um, I
did, you know, I did some lifestyle
videos. I did I did we went to England
and I did an England video. That one
actually did pretty well, but I mean,
you can't make a travel video every day,
you know. Um, and then
>> you can eventually.
>> Well, yeah, right. Someday.
>> Pete's like, "Watch." Pete says, "Watch
me."
>> Bet. Hold my gear.
And uh yeah, no, there was a period
there for probably I don't know two or
three years where I was lo like I
legitimately was lost because I'm like
you. I I have a I have a passion for
creating and I didn't know what to do. I
I had no idea what to do with myself
>> and it took me it took me two or three
years to figure it out and I think
>> I think I figured it out but you know I
mean who knows what'll happen but things
are going well right now with the short
form stuff both on Facebook and uh Tik
Tok
>> and um it's been fun. So
>> yeah.
>> Yeah. Were you worried about when the
[__] was happening with Tik Tok like
they didn't know if
>> Yeah. No, because Tik Tok's way too big.
>> There's way too much money involved. I
There's no way it's going to get banned.
>> Yeah.
>> Not a chance.
>> I I I had the same thing. Like, but it
was funny, too, when when they did,
didn't they ban it for like two or three
days or what?
>> They banned it for a day before like
Trump took office, I think. I believe.
>> Yeah, it was the day before he got
inaugurated, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And then he put it back or something.
>> He put it back. And I think
>> Yeah.
right after that and I think I deleted
my Tik Tok app. I'm like, "Oh [__] I'm
not going to need this anymore." Right?
And I deleted it and then the pe there
was there something happened that you
couldn't for the first week or something
download actually the app.
>> Oh,
>> people that people that had the app, it
was still work, but there was new
>> they were not allowing to download on
new phones and people were selling like
iPhones for $2,000 with the apps on it.
>> No kidding.
>> Wow. Oh, I didn't know that. That's
crazy.
>> I remember I remember back in
>> Yeah. I'm sorry. Go ahead.
>> Go ahead. Go ahead.
>> Oh, no. No. I just I I just remember
this h same thing happened with that app
Flappy Birds. I don't know if you
remember that game.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And they took it off and then people
were selling the freaking phones with
Flappy Birds already installed on it for
like a grand or whatever.
>> Yep. Crazy.
>> But I interrupted you. Sorry.
>> So, no, it's um Okay, now the question
for you, Lonnie.
>> Oh my.
>> So, what? Same thing. Same thing. We're
gonna we're gonna stay, I guess, on
topic of of of YouTube. Um, okay. Hope
hope everybody kind of enjoys it because
we haven't talked about anything else
really. So, I'm sorry, but you know,
it's I'm passionate about it as well.
>> We we don't restrict ourselves to
reselling talk here. We don't.
>> Good.
>> No. Um, I always wondered, right, that
that that switcheroo that you did from,
you know, um, garage flips to shed
flips, the whole thing that happened.
>> Mhm.
>> And then you decided to do your thing
with the with the with the camp world
and trailer and everything.
>> I I hate these questions.
>> Yeah. So,
>> I hate I hate this question,
>> but originally like the originally your
channel is doing well. You're getting
good traction.
What makes you make the decision because
you changed the name to
Shhatflip? I I I I still don't know what
happened there.
>> Okay. And and the reason I don't like
this question is because it's so painful
for me because it it like it truly I
have a lot of regret for doing that
because the the it started out garage
flips as you know because you you were
the reason that the channel blew up
initially and then later on. First of
all, Pete, before we finish, before I
answer this question, I want to thank
you again for helping me so much,
especially early on
>> because early on in the incubator stage,
you don't like if you don't get a
response, if nobody's watching, there's
only so long you're going to do
something before you quit. So you're you
recommended people come watch me when I
had like 30 subs or whatever it was
>> that in that ensured that I would
wouldn't quit.
>> So thank you very much for doing that.
You did it again. You did it again later
and it's had a huge impact on my life
and my family's life and our finances
and all that stuff. So I don't know if
you know how big of an impact it has and
I'll never I'll never forget it. So,
thank you very much for doing
>> you. You very welcome. My pleasure. My
pleasure.
>> So, um, and it's still so random that
you even knew that channel existed at
that point. Just like you knew, of
course, you know, Hot Lunch Reselling
exists. Of course, that dude's got a
flamethrower of a channel compared to
some of the other channels you found.
>> But, you know, there's so many channels
out there that literally have, you know,
three, four, 500 subscribers.
And for some reason, maybe because uh
there's so much of that stuff in my
algorithm that they, you know, they keep
throwing and I'll click on some of them
to check it out. And some of them are
like, "Okay, three minutes of this. No,
this not worth it. I'm not going to even
spend any time." But once once in a
while somebody pops up and you go, "H
>> interesting." Or, "Let me watch another
one." Or let's see how many videos they
produced so far. what else they got to
offer because the biggest thing I think
is a lot of people jump into this and I
tell everybody now don't jump in unless
you have at least
20 video in your bucket that you can put
it out there because only takes one
really to catch but if it catches
>> they're going into that mode a rabbit
hole that they're watching everything
>> and if you got if you got nothing
>> you got nothing you know but anyway
going back Yeah, I'm I'm gonna answer
your question. Don't worry. Even though
I don't like it. But let me tell you
another thing, Pete. I I'll I'll
advertise our show a little bit, too.
Our guest next week, you're going to
like and you probably
>> We've got a new like like we want to
have guys like like Craigslist Hunter on
because that helps us,
>> right?
>> You're helping us right now.
>> You know, we're not bringing this whole
slew of new viewers to Craigslist
Hunter. We understand that and you're
doing this for us. I can't wait to ask
off air if you know this person.
>> Right. I agree.
>> Okay.
>> But yeah, so but our one of the main
purposes of this is, you know, I got my
start on reseller YouTube because of you
and your generosity of shouting me out
and Ryan has had similar things and we
both have like a giving spirit in our
hearts right now and we want to help
people.
Well, Lonnie Lonnie shouted me out early
on, so it's kind of like a full circle
moment here. And now we're working
together
>> on this podcast and trying to do the
same and give back more. So,
>> and that's one of the reasons we're here
is like we want to help some of these
underexposed channels come, you know,
give light of day to them to help them
out. That's why we're here, literally.
>> That's awesome. And I don't know if you
notice, I'm kind of doing the same thing
on every single episode. people send me
postcards and I giving them a shout outs
to their, you know, eBay stores.
>> Now, how much impact that has,
>> I couldn't tell you. I don't know. Uh
the also problem is sometimes I will get
a postcard, I go into the store and they
got four items,
>> right?
>> Do I want to give that choice shout out?
Probably not.
>> So, it's it's tricky. But if I get a
postcard and I see that the store has
been around for five, six years, they're
trying, they got couple hundred items,
they're doing things, they're having
sales. Absolutely. I'm giving them a
shout out, you know, and um I I got
myself a little bit I think maybe in
trouble with this because I got this
many postcards already
and I'm doing only a couple videos a
week. So, it's going to take forever. Uh
but it's a great engagement, right?
People are sending that in. I'm giving
them a shout out. They're coming back to
watch. So, it's a full circle.
>> And you don't know, Pete. You may like
you, like I said, you changed my life.
You never know when one of these little
shoutouts might change somebody's life.
You don't you just don't know.
>> So, I I I think it's awesome. But but to
go back and answer your your your
question. Um the reason I did it is
because I was doing the regular we sold
this, we're pack, you know, we're we're
packing this up and bought this stuff,
you know, the regular reseller kind of
content. Then we started doing the uh
videos at garage sales and estate sales
and those did way way way better. you
know, they would get anywhere from
typically I would say my average one of
those would be like maybe 30,000 views,
sometimes more depending if you hit a
hot one. The average regular vlog style
video would be more like 10 to 15.
And I was like, man, it seems like these
these people come here. And I I I hit a
viral with one of them, got a million
views with the, you know, garage sale
videos. And, you know, in my my brain, I
was thinking, okay, all these and I I
was getting all these subs, right? And
I'm all these people are coming here to
watch me buy stuff at garage sales and
interact with people at garage sales.
That's why they're that's why they're
coming here. and they they they come
here to the channel and oh look I sold
this thing for this widget for $10 or
whatever. They're not here for that. So
in my head I'm thinking I will make I
will make garage flips a new channel.
Wait, let me make sure. I will make a
new channel just for
just for the shed stuff. And I called it
shed flips. And then I was going to just
do the garage sale content on garage
garage flips moving forward. And as soon
as I did that and I think it would have
worked, but
I
found that I couldn't manage two
channels that well to be honest. and I
wasn't. And then eventually I quit
filming at garage sales and estate
sales. And next thing I know, Garage
Flips is completely dead because I
haven't touched it. And it's got like 80
like 80,000 something subs or whatever
the heck it was. And then I've got this
new channel, Shed Flips. It's got like
10,000 subs. And that's where I'm
uploading all my content to. And now
because I'm not doing the so that and
that's why this question is always so
painful and because the short answer is
it was a huge effing mistake.
I should have never done it. I should
have been happy with what I had and
>> mix it up. Leave it everything on the
one channel.
>> I should have kept going on garage flips
and I'd have a play button right now
already. And I don't know. It was just
it was a big big freaking mistake. I
took something that was working great
and I tried to fix it.
>> Yeah. Um it's interesting how not only
the algorithm works and feeds certain
content to certain people because it
learns what your people like.
>> Yep. But I was I was playing a little
bit with my content here and there over
the years, plugging in like a different
video that it wasn't very related.
Maybe m maybe 10%
was related of of what I do, but it was,
you know, like totally almost something
else
and people wouldn't watch. But I'm
seeing so standard video I'll get 50,000
views. something stupid that I drop will
get 10,000 15,000 views because oh
there's no negotiation but I'm noticing
some channels now that they're mixing
things up
and for some of them it's working
h different topics even like
you know you
and it's and it's tricky it has to be
maybe slightly related
>> somehow Um but you can if you do this
you can bring audience different
audience into your channel and you can
mingle with this audience and slowly you
I think you can grow two or three things
in one channel now.
uh because when you some of the huge
creators sometimes when I watch them
yes their videos or even we can even
talk about the biggest one which is Mr.
beast, which I I don't like his content
at all, but he's super creative. But
when you think about it, almost every
video is about something else, right?
>> It's still explosive. It's still very
entertaining, but today he's buying an
island. Tomorrow he's sticking you in
some stupid bucket, you know, this and
this. So, yes, there's But every one of
them is really different. Today we're
going to go explore this most expensive
yacht. you know, we're going to fly on
this plane. Like, you can kind of expect
>> it's still like central around doing
something insane and involving him. Like
he like the channel's about him and he's
doing something crazy, but it's
something different every time.
>> It did used to be, if y'all remember
like maybe five plus years ago, it did
always used to revolve around someone
getting a big chunk of money car or
something. It used to be o only that or
he would go on like live streams
>> on Twitch or whatever and people were
gaming and he'd like give them a bunch
of money during their game or whatever.
>> But he did definitely switch up because
like um if y'all remember last year,
maybe two years ago, he did that water
well video.
>> Yep.
>> Where they were putting water wells in
everywhere. And then he also like he's
gotten way more philanthropic
philanthropic which I guess is easy when
you're making that kind of money but
still
>> like he did the one where he um he he
got a bunch of people to have their
vision restored with eye surgeries.
Y'all remember that one
>> that he got a lot of flack for it or
something? I remember there was like
people were saying stupid [__] I'm like
come on. This guy's trying to help
people.
>> Is he helping himself? Yes.
>> Of course. What does it matter? Like
>> does it matter? Yeah, exactly.
>> If if I'm one of the people that got one
of those eye surgeries, I'm just happy I
can see. I don't care, you know?
>> So, that's exactly what I'm talking
about that you can still like you can
mix them up, you know, um little bit and
and grow the channel that way that you
can bring a little bit of of something
different slightly related but not 100%.
Like if I would go right now, for
example,
fly into Italy because I'm going to shop
for this particular antique piece that
I've been dreaming about
that I know where it is and I make a
threepart series out of it and make
three videos out of it.
>> My audience will eat this up. They were
maybe not as big as as the interaction,
>> but they it's it's similar, right? I
could bring still like excitement to it.
Unknown
kind of thing, you know? So, that's what
I'm saying. You can kind of mix it up a
little bit, you know?
>> Is that what you've kind of got in your
head about for your retirement years? Is
that what you're thinking about right
now? Sounds kind of like what you're
talking about.
>> Yep. Yeah. slowly something building up
towards that you know so you know so I
can carry so I will not aband completely
the channel maybe you know what I mean
and start something new is just
transition and I noticed I don't know if
you guys follow you know Alex the
Canadian guy who used to have a shop
Curiosity Inc. Mhm.
>> Oh, yeah. Yep.
>> I haven't watched him forever, but yeah,
I know you're talking about
>> still produces pretty successful
content. Uh when he does a live couple
thousand people still show up and watch
him. He doesn't have a shop now for two
years and he just, you know, he he'll
buy few things at the auction. He'll buy
a storage unit. He just does interesting
stuff and people are still watching, you
know.
>> So, they don't have their store anymore.
I didn't know that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. They they sold that shop a
couple years back and and he was kind of
almost felt I almost felt like he's
gonna completely like pull out. But he
said immediately, listen guys,
>> opportunity came along. Good offer. I
sold the business. That doesn't mean I'm
completely getting out of the business,
you know. So, and he kept going. Two
years later, his channel is still
growing. He's still getting views. Um,
so yeah,
>> that's a big channel, too, huh? I don't
even know how many subs he has. Does he
have more than you?
>> About the same, maybe a little bit more.
He was always bigger. He was always
bigger for the longest time. And after
he sold the shop, it did slow down a
little bit, you know. But
>> yeah,
>> I remember four four or five years ago,
he had a video that was like exploding.
I forget what he had hoarder house or
something.
>> It was a collection of something, wasn't
it? I can't remember what it was.
>> Yeah, he had few those big hoarder homes
that And then he and then he renovated
the house. He bought the house, got the
stuff out, renovated the house, all
>> that's what it was. That house. Yeah.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. So,
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. It's uh Yeah. This this YouTube
world is definitely little crazy,
>> you know. It is. There's uh
there's also I want to ask you about
since you've been around so long, have
you noticed Lindy Glenn
and Rockstar Flipper?
Rockstar Flipper just made a video um
what last week where he's leaving. Yeah.
What do you think about that? Yeah. Give
us
a little bit.
So, I don't think I ever actually talked
to Casey.
>> Um,
>> really?
>> I don't think I ever talked to him.
Maybe in comments here and there,
>> like I responded maybe on his video and
vice versa. He maybe commented on one of
my videos or something like that or or
in some kind of chat on a live show,
something like that. But we never
physically actually talked about um
I think and you know remember he both of
you know Lindy and him they've been
creators for a long time. They've been
around the block.
>> He was the first one I w he was the
first reseller I ever saw and I think
Ryan too.
>> Me too.
>> Before before I even saw you he was the
first one I watched. He had that car and
I saw that door open, you know, like it
does at on his car and I like, "Wow,
look at this guy. It's awesome."
>> Yeah. I remember his first few videos
that he was talking about Game Boy games
sitting at his desk.
>> Uh talking about flipping video games.
>> Um
>> that was one of the first ones that I
saw. But you know he um he had a good
understanding overall of YouTube for a
while but that was 10 years ago
>> right
>> um and it's very hard to create in this
small niche
this content meaning you can talk only
about so much stuff if you not at least
buying all kinds of stuff like you for
example every every video you have
something different that you're showing,
>> right? There's so much stuff that you're
selling. And he was very niched down,
right? For a while, he was just
>> all clothes,
>> dealing with a lot of clothing. So, was
very hard to break out out of that. And
far as like talking about how you sell,
what label use, how many videos you can
make about that. Very limited, right?
eventually it's just like
>> and then there's already another, you
know, thousand creators who talk about
the same thing.
>> So, um
I I think he's overall pretty smart like
a reseller and I think overall very good
guy. I I just overall don't understand
that he's kind of going after this
lowhanging fruit right now. This this
commentary thing, it was never my cup of
tea. I don't like those, but it's just
kind of reaction videos. I don't know. I
I just That's exactly what Lindy Glenn
is doing, too, right? Exactly same kind
of thing,
>> except a little different, though. She's
killing it.
>> Well, yeah, but she's a hot woman.
>> She's
I don't want She is,
>> you know, and and and I'm sure that's a
big part of it. So, it's a lot easier.
and and her reactions, her expressions
on a face and everything that she does
uh is is entertaining. Um for Casey, I
don't know. I don't know how that's
going to play out.
>> I don't know either. I I don't know
either. I I do I was a little sad. I I
don't even watch them that often, but I
did I did I will I would dip into some
of his videos every now and then because
he he just like everyone else, he knows
the drama sells. And it seems like about
once a once a year
>> Rockstar would get mixed up in some
dramatic thing with somebody somewhere
and then he'd have a series of videos
about it and I would get hooked into it
a little bit. You know, everybody kind
of likes to watch that.
>> Yeah.
>> But as far as reselling stuff goes, I I
never I quit watching his reselling
content a long time ago.
>> Yeah. And once in a while he would had
like a breaking news thing, you know,
that something happened and interesting
title. Yeah. So, you know, I would click
on it too to see what's up, you know,
but
yeah, this is a strange beast, you know.
This is this is not easy game. And I
think it's it actually is a little it's
harder. Definitely harder than it was.
>> No doubt.
>> I was asked I was asked that not too
long ago if um if I felt like it was
harder it would it was harder to start
it would be harder to start today than
when I first started. And I said 100% I
don't think I don't think I could get
started today.
>> I think it is way harder to stand out.
>> Although you know what's kind of blowing
up now and within last year and I think
it's it's it's huge and it's actually
>> so it's it looks easy but you got to
have really quite a bit of talent to
pull this off. It's just these people
>> that come on, there's hardly any editing
and they can talk for half an hour, 40
minutes, an hour sharing their
information, a story, whatever they're
sharing and it's very relatable because
it's just a regular person. There's no
special, you know, effects. There's
nothing wild. They might be just walking
in the park or sitting on a bench
somewhere or in front of their barn
>> and they're just sharing their
knowledge.
>> It's huge. Some of these guys are girls
are getting, you know, 300, 400, 500,000
views of video and you go, "Oh my god,
but they're just likable. There's hardly
any editing. And if it is it's very
minimal because maybe they talk for 10
15 minutes about this one particular
thing cut then they talk again for
another 10 15 maybe another cut few cuts
in 40 minutes or some of them are so
talented that they I can't talk non-stop
like that like I can maybe talk you know
for two three five minutes but talk for
half an hour and and
>> keep the conversation
>> do
If you can do that, if you can do that,
listen, it's it's it's I think it's a
magic thing right now. If you can keep
that
>> interesting, is it usually like
storytelling sort of things that
>> um either storytelling or just sharing
their experience of life, you know, or
or something happened or they know a lot
about it that they can just talk and
talk because they got so much knowledge
in that particular niche. That's
definitely a strength that that like
Lonnie's right. He definitely has that.
>> The the the videos I'm thinking about,
Pete, I don't know if I'm on the same
track as you as what you're talking
about is like people that have like
like older people like you you your age
or my age, Pete. Um
>> little bit of wisdom, right? A little
bit of knowledge. Yeah. And maybe and
maybe even some regret,
you know, like if I could go back, I
wish I could go back and change this
from what when I was in if I could tell
myself, you know, my myself in my 30s
this
>> or or something like that. That's the
kind of videos I I see.
>> Yep.
>> And that's
>> Okay. They're just good at making
connections with the viewers, right?
Like as making a connection.
>> Exactly. They're just come off really
good on the camera. They're very likable
and they they're very well spoken. Now
for me it would be hard to do that first
of all. I mean listen to me like
>> you know I mean I'm sorry English is my
second language.
>> You sound like Pete to me.
>> Uh
>> Pete Pete what is your your first
language? Polish. Is that right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
>> So I don't talk speak to it. Give us
some Polish, man. I never even heard you
say like speak in full just Polish
before.
>> I did. That was funny. I had one episode
that I had a Polish guy come in and I
started talking to him in Polish and I
and I just left it in
>> like
>> we start in English. Halfway through
negotiation, I switch to Polish. I leave
it in Polish and then I end in English.
And then two two minutes in the middle,
nobody knows what's happening because
I'm speaking Polish.
Wow. Okay. What was that?
>> Wow.
>> What would you guys want me to tell you
right now?
>> That's what I basically said.
>> It's not a bad sounding It's not a bad
sounding language at all. It's not like
harsh or anything,
>> you know. Doesn't have a
>> It's a hard language. Polish is a hard
language to learn. So,
>> do you go back to visit Poland every so
often? Yeah, I've been two 23 couple
years, three years ago.
>> Seems like a great great country from
what I've seen.
>> Yeah.
>> Do you see yourself ever ever moving
back there?
>> Once in a while with my wife, we talk
about it, but not not really. I mean, my
kids are here. I basically grew up here.
Remember, I came here when I was 13
years old, you know. So,
>> I spent most of my life here. Um,
it's it would be hard. Although, yeah,
it is nice in Poland and it's it's it's
changed a lot, too. But I don't know. I
I think I'm
90% American.
>> Yeah.
>> Pete, when you got Are you American,
Pete?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. I didn't know. I had no I never
thought to ask you before. I assumed you
were. I didn't know. Um, so when you got
here at 13, could you speak English at
all?
>> Two words I knew.
>> Wow.
>> What do you think they were?
>> Yes.
>> Bathroom
and Yes. or thank you. Bathroom and
thank you.
>> So thank you was one of them and the
other one was the bad one.
>> Was
>> with the f the Yeah.
>> Really?
>> F you or thank you. Which one you want?
Which which one do you want today?
>> Yeah. So, um, it took a minute. I mean,
I listen, I probably
I probably will never get rid of my
accent, which is fine. Um,
>> I love it. It's great.
>> Yeah, it's great. And
>> how did you learn English? that like did
you
>> well obviously you know I went I when I
came here I went to eighth grade and
then through high school and you know
went to college and I dropped out I
never finished college it wasn't for me
um but
>> so you just learned it by like living
around it basically.
>> Yeah basically the first year was the
hardest
>> but you know going to school and just
being forced to to mingle with everybody
else. Now remember here in Chicago
especially back in ' 80s there was a
huge population of Polish people. The
community was a man at one point I think
there was a million pocks here in
Chicago.
>> Wow.
>> It was huge. It was huge. the the you
know right before the the the communist
party went down the Berlin wall thing
you know so there was a lot of
immigrants here coming just
>> for better life right
>> and eventually and now it completely
changed within the last 20 years almost
80% just came back
>> right
>> um so but then obviously kids like me
when they showed up in ' 80s we grew up
here and then I'm not going back to
Poland. This is my country. You know
>> when you say 80 80% came back, what what
do you go back to that again? What are
you saying?
>> Because at one point in 80s through like
late 70s throughout the whole 80s. There
was so many people immigrating here to
US just to make few dollars and send it
home, right? make
>> better life for their family back in
Poland.
>> Now, when things change and finally, you
know, the communists go down, Poland is
back to, you know, basically, I'm not
going to say independence, but, you
know, joins the EU, becomes part of the
Western, you know, culture. Things
change, things get better. there's a lot
of funding coming in from from European
Union into Poland. Um lots of
opportunities.
So a lot of these people that came here
and a guy who was in his mid30s engineer
came here to do a shitty job so he can
send few dollars. All of a sudden he's
going back. He wants to be that
engineer. You know what I mean?
>> Awesome. Makes
>> sense. Wow. So I I'm not kidding you.
From million people here probably
800,000 people came back.
>> Wow.
>> You know
>> I had no idea.
>> Not like overnight but over period of of
you know
>> and there was a big opportunity too for
for people that were here. They
>> they made little bit of money. They had
a little bit of capital and now they can
go back to Poland, invest that money,
build a business, do something, you
know. So that's
>> very cool.
>> Probably a lot there are probably lot a
lot of really good deals in Poland for a
while there anyway. It probably hasn't
>> probably gotten a little worse now, but
Okay, that's awesome. That's got to make
you feel really good
>> to know like you you have dual
citizenship.
>> I do.
>> Okay. So you can you can literally just
go home.
>> Yeah, I can. Yeah, I have a European
passport, so I can go and live in any
European country pretty much. Yeah.
>> Okay. Well, that's that's amazing.
>> That's really cool. I didn't I didn't
know that much about about your
background. Um,
>> so and now it's it's it's and my wife
does that, too. And even my kids, they
were born both of them, you know, both
of my girls were born here, but they
have dual citizenship because of us.
>> Wow. because of because of you and your
you and Anna are both okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Huh. It
>> it's a process to get that done, but we
did it. And you know, so
>> yeah.
>> How how how long ago was it that you
became an American citizen?
>> Uh so 8
90 or 89 89. Yeah.
>> So when I came here as as a 13year-old
boy immediately when I came with my mom
uh this was a political asylum. Um and
it takes you know five years to become
uh no I'm sorry first first you get a
green card after a green card you have
to have the green card for five years
and then you can apply to become a
citizen. Yeah. So, it's been a minute.
>> But you
>> did your mom ever go back or she did she
stay here?
>> No, she stayed here. Um, unfortunately,
she passed away already 10 years ago,
but yeah, she stayed here. Yeah, she
loved she loved America. So,
>> Pete Pete's been an American longer than
you, Ryan. So,
>> she has,
>> you know, when you look at it like that,
you know what I'm saying?
>> Yeah. Pretty awesome.
>> I I I I absolutely love this country. So
this is this is truly, you know,
the most unbelievable place that you can
be in the whole world. I think
>> love it.
>> Even though that lately we're having all
these issues, you know, throughout the
world, I still think America is is the
the land to be,
>> you know. So
>> totally agree.
>> Absolutely. Oh. Um,
Pete, before because we've been going
for uh about an hour, hour 45 now, can
before we wrap up, can I ask you to do
one thing for me? Will you recommend
three guests that you think we that we
would have a reasonable chance of
getting on the show?
>> Okay. Like,
>> interesting. We we have m we have sent
some calls out to some like people that
we probably won't ever respond to us,
but like who who would you like to see
us have on this show? Pete,
>> watch him name our next guest.
>> Uh right now, number one, especially in
reselling community. So, I'm gonna I'm
gonna Does it have to be reseller
community related?
>> It doesn't. It can, but it doesn't. I
mean,
>> um
We defin our our next guest will be a
reseller to give you some context. I
mean, yeah, we have.
>> So, I think like you guys should
definitely
go after
um
yeah,
number one that I enjoyed watching now
and it just has a lot of knowledge and
it's kind of straightforward and no
[__] and his YouTube channel is on
fire. The way he sends the information,
it's just Yeah. Okay. Justin Resells. I
kne I knew exactly who you're gonna say.
The more you were using adjectives, I
was like, "Oh, he's talking about Justin
Resells."
>> So, I, you know, I I I watched him from
the way at the beginning. Uh, we I I did
talk to him a couple times. Fantastic
guy. So, that's probably one of the
guys.
>> Um,
>> who else? You said three, huh?
>> I'm trying to get three if I can. If
not, that's a really good one. It's not
the first You're not the first person to
recommend them. So, we're going to take
that one really seriously and see if we
can nab him or not.
>> I think out of curiosity, I will be fun
to
see what happened. And what's happening
is to bring another Justin that you
haven't talked in a while.
>> Oh my god.
>> Okay. All right. I'll I'll write him
down.
I would just I'm curious.
>> We need to talk offline about we we
should probably talk offline about that
that situation, but yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Um let me think. Ah gosh, you kind of I
wish I had a minute to think about this
before.
>> That's all right. I mean, if you if you
think of somebody later, you can just
message me. I I just thought we we're
we're trying to bring some fresh
new like and Justin Resells is has he's
definitely established but he would
definitely be a good guest for sure.
>> He would be that'd be a fun one.
>> Yeah. Um
you know who was fun and I don't
he does a podcast three of them.
>> Okay.
>> He's not that far away from me.
uh is Dan um
uh what's the name of their reselling
podcast? Uh
oh gosh.
Ah
there's um death pile picker.
There's Dan and there's John or Jim.
Three of them they do the podcast. Is it
Is it
reselling leftovers. I'm not I
>> I think I've heard of this crew you're
talking about now that you I think I
think I've watched them recently.
Um
>> death pile picker.
>> Yeah,
but that actually is down in Illinois, I
think, not too far away from me here.
Um,
it's just funny how I watch their I
watch their podcast because they argue a
lot with with each other.
>> Um, and it's just funny, you know. So,
>> okay. I that's what I saw. I saw them
there was a lot of like tension and
bickering. It It seemed mostly
goodnatured
>> but also kind a little not too
some extent. I know you kind of they the
way they do it, you don't know if it's
just
>> serious or not.
>> Serious or not, or is it there's really
something going on or is it that they
make it really that good between them
that it feels like, oh my gosh, it
almost punches are going across the
thing, you know? So that's funny. So
>> okay, awesome. I I'll try and figure out
who that death pile picker is on the
podcast, though. Yeah, there's those
three.
>> And Dan, and I can't remember what Dan's
channel is. I'll I'll I'll I'll text you
later.
>> Okay, cool. Okay, cool. Thank you, man.
Um
Oh, and then we also had we had the re
the um inner circle.
>> They had some questions.
>> Yeah, Rev Resale
asked,
"Do you still not have an eBay store?
And if so, why?" And I know you've
gotten this question probably a million
times. I've heard you answer it at least
five times, I think, but I'll let you go
ahead and answer that question if you
don't mind.
>> Um,
yeah. I don't have a store.
>> Okay.
>> I don't have a store. I'm not going to
go into why though.
>> Oh, you're not?
>> No.
>> Okay. Okay. There. But you have a
reason.
>> Yes.
>> Okay. We'll leave it at that.
>> I'm sorry. I can't I can't say it. I
will not talk about it publicly.
>> All right. Okay.
>> So now, now if you run into me on the
street and you ask me that questions,
I'll tell you everything.
>> That's Wow. That makes me that's going
to make people want to know even more.
>> You know,
>> I didn't know it was that serious. I
guess I forgot.
>> Wow. You got Pete got really serious on
that question. Okay, we'll move on.
>> All right, next question.
>> So, do you own Pete? Do you own the name
or the idea or the concept around the
reseller rally? Do you own the reseller
rally?
>> No, I don't.
>> You don't? Okay.
Um I I don't at the beginning when we
first started and the concept came out
and it was you know it was me and and
Golden Finger Picker um Chad and then
Ronnie Hard you know from Cape Cod and
of course we had
>> we had Deb and then we had Nicole State
that was the first thing.
>> Uh no it was like a mutual thing. Uh
yes, I was the organizers of the first
one and
but no, I don't have any rights to it
and I said anybody that wants to later
on continue take it over
>> use it. It's wide open. I'm not going to
hold anybody, you know, go for it, you
know. So,
>> okay. because we we had Mary that asked
how you came up with the reseller rally
idea
>> and actually so idea was there but the
name actually Chad's Chad's wife Kim
came came up with that idea
>> I not idea the name
>> the name
>> I think we were doing at the reseller
poll show or one of the
one of the shows I I don't remember
which one now because there was few of
them at that time and and we decided you
know what maybe we should let's let's
ask people in a chat do you guys want to
see something like this and it was like
yes yes yes
want to come and see this joint and then
we started working on it and that's how
it kind of started you know so
>> so it's it's so much work that goes into
something like that and so many moving
parts so I'm glad that John is uh John
is is doing all that leg work. I really
appreciate him for doing that.
>> Yeah. So, and now you know that's the
third one he's going to be putting
together. So, everything is a little bit
easier now because you have all the
connections and you kind of know the
flow and you know what's going to happen
and you know what you got to do. Uh but
at the beginning it's it's hard. There's
a lot of moving parts. There's a lot of
especially when most of the people can't
help you much if you're doing this in
particular area, right? Because we are
kind of everywhere. So every kind of
falls on him to get everything done. So
yeah, it's and still make it affordable
for people.
>> Right.
>> So
>> Yep.
>> Looking forward to it in September.
It'll be fun.
>> Yeah, there will will be will be lots of
fun. always is, man.
>> I know you guys didn't come to the last
one.
>> No.
>> Which was also a lot of fun. And already
on that last one, we had that separate
ballroom
>> for a couple hours on Friday uh when
there were a couple sponsors in there
and they had an open bar for us and it
was kind of good mingling in there and
obviously everything later spilled to
the bar anyway.
>> Oh, it did? I was wondering. So, okay.
because I when I was asking I was asking
John
earlier show I didn't know how long he
had the so after the ballroom or banquet
room or whatever is over then just kind
of flow to the bar and continue the
party there if you want
>> right because it's first for I think I
don't know I didn't ask actually John
that's a good question I gota ask him I
don't know what the time limit is on
this ballroom I think last time was only
3 hours or something like that.
>> I think that's about what this one is.
>> Yeah. And then then and then you get
couple drinks. There's like a moving bar
in there and they have some food blah
blah blah. But then they put a kibash on
that and then who still wants to hang
out can go to the bar and I think
80% of people still stick around, you
know,
>> and we have fun in in the bar. So, it's
a good time. I uh both events are
totally little bit different from each
other because I mean you you you've seen
it. I mean it's like
>> the first night is really can people
just
go loose and have fun and just like on a
boat
>> is a little bit more structured it seems
formal. Yeah,
>> you got the dinner, you got, you know,
couple things, you know, far as like
this this IKEA thing, IKEA bag that John
likes to do and then that's fun with the
DJ.
>> But listen, every one of them that I do
either Friday, like
>> when I talk too much on Friday, then on
Saturday I'm barely talking because your
voice is completely shot,
>> right?
>> You know, it's like, oh my gosh. you
know, so because so many people,
>> you're probably talking the entire
You're probably surrounded the entire
time at these events, talking the entire
time.
>> Non-stop.
>> That is
>> It's exhausting, huh?
>> Non-stop. And And this time I'm trying
to lay off a little bit on alcohol,
>> right?
>> Yeah. I need to myself.
>> So, you know, it's uh you know, but this
is going to be a party, so I don't know.
We'll see.
We'll see. But, you know, people love
buying buying YouTubers drinks, you
know, or drinking with them. And I
>> I don't know. I say I'm going to be
better better this time, but I I may not
be. You never know.
>> Listen, the stories that you get to hear
there and talk to people and make the
relationships with certain people. My
gosh, there's so many people I still
talk to this day and made deals or
business even uh related decisions. Uh
it's it's well worth it. If if you are
in this community, if you miss this
event mingling with people and and
getting knowledge out of people, I think
this is the one to be like truly because
you're really like dealing with people
face to face. You're talking. It's not
the first one that we did was a little
bit different, right? the one in
Chicago,
>> right? Yeah.
>> But I still immediately after we did
that one, I was like
>> the Friday night was the bomb.
>> Saturday was okay, but this is no, we
got to do it like the Friday night, you
know. So
>> for both of the ones I went to, that was
what that was what I came away with too
was the the night before
>> that was when the magic happened.
>> It was fun.
>> It was so fun. So,
>> but Pete, uh, I I want to I want to
really thank you. As soon as like I
haven't hadn't talked to Pete in a
while. When I reached out to Pete, Pete
knew why I was reaching out. And during
our conversation, I made a little small
talk. Pete
brought up our podcast and gave me the
perfect end to ask Pete to come on the
podcast, which I took it. I took it. and
uh because that is why I was contacting
you, Pete.
>> And he immediately said yes. Not even a
and so man that once again, thank you
very much, Pete.
>> Thank you so much, man.
>> No, my pleasure. My pleasure. And
listen, I hope this goes somewhere
because I think you guys are able to do
this a little bit differently that you
can talk about different topics and
bring different people in. So,
>> that's our goal. Yeah.
>> Yeah. you know,
>> we we we want to shift. We want to kind
of shift as we go, but we we also
understand that our our audience right
now, our core audience are resellers.
So, we feel like we want to we do want
to get away from reselling a little bit,
but we also know that we can't get too
far too fast, you know.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> Right.
>> Another person came to my mind that you
guys should bring it on and he's an
interesting character actually
>> and now he actually a little bit open
up. I don't know if you guys watch his
um video maybe from like a month ago
that he finally said now I can truly
talk to all of you about my business and
what I do
>> is Dominic.
>> Oh, that's funny you say that. Yeah, I
follow Dominic. Um yeah, I know Dominic.
Yeah, sure.
>> I saw that video.
>> You saw that video. So, um, you know, I
know Dominic for a very very long time.
I we know each other for, you know, and
>> and it's just and I talk to him quite
often, actually. And this guy is
incredible when it comes to like
he's a reseller, right? Like in hard,
but his real job is just
>> mindblowing. So, it would be interesting
to pick his brain a little bit. Um
because now he can talk about what he
about his real profession, what he does
and Yeah, that would be interesting.
>> Yeah, because he he was in a uh he was
had some he was a on the chair of some
board or something like that or
>> Yeah, I we're both fairly familiar with
Dominic. I That's a That's a really good
suggestion. So, thank you.
>> And he seems like a great guy. He seems
like a really really nice guy, too.
>> He's been doing it forever, too.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay, awesome. Well, Pete,
uh, thanks again for coming on, man. We
really enjoyed this.
>> Thank you so much. This was this was a
great conversation. This was fun.
>> Yeah,
>> pleasure, guys. Thank you very much and
wish you nothing but success.
>> Thanks, man. All right. Well, thanks for
watching everybody.
Appreciate it. We'll see you.
>> Okay. Bye, y'all. Good night. Cheers.